Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now this lecture, we are going to integrate Firebase the header to console that firebase that Google
that's called.
If you don't have an account, you can just go ahead and create one.
Okay.
Now we are going to click on Hot Widgets.
Now we're going to call this project, see?
So.
Okay.
Now we're going to click on Continue.
Now make sure you don't.
And then what is this simple Google analysis?
Okay.
Now I want to click on create projects.
This is going to take some time.
We're just going to wait for it.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
He's going.
He to have to wait a while.
Okay you take a lot of in slow network.
Okay.
I can now click on continue.
Now are going to be.
Doing for.
Robert Louis.
It's a great scene for Andre.
So I'm going to click on Andre right now is asking for the harder it package.
They make it click on this a little bit to look at it.
You can see your package.
There is generally the application idea in your half level.
Okay, so this is the half level, right?
So this should be it.
Okay.
Now this is a two way application ID, so.
There is going to.
Copy this.
Okay.
And he's asking for the nickname you can see is Ocean as well.
We can just see a chicken.
Talk.
Claude.
Okay.
Now we don't really need to since we are not doing any google signing you can see is basically for Google
signing or signing in with Google.
So are going to click on register.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Now, rather than dilute this, click on this to dilute it.
Now is is the you can see this.
Okay.
You can see is in the.
Her play was well.
So we'll do to move the Google dash service.
The gist of it is are the data on red border routes.
Okay.
So the revenue call to this.
I just got it.
I'm going to go to.
Text of.
It's a recorded tick tock widget.
They were going to go to.
Hundred.
I want to go to the abilities of a great.
Now we're going to go back.
Then click on Nest.
Okay.
Now, first of all, he's asking us to heart this line.
This is asking us to heart the line.
You can see the project level.
We could use this.
We're going to copy this.
This is the project level, right?
So should be this.
Okay.
Think is asking us to paste it over a.
Great control.
NASA save.
Okay.
Now we're going to go down.
I think this is all about.
That's okay.
Now you're going to copy this over the Apply plugin that I think is asking us to fix it to the upper
level view the cradle.
So this is the app level, right?
So this a view that gradle.
So this is going to face this.
Over a year.
Case continues to.
Okay.
Now, I'm going to copy this over here as well.
Great.
So I think it's the same for this.
So it's going to be to make this wide.
Okay.
Is the case asking us to is this over you?
Great.
Contra anesthesia.
Okay.
Now what you can do, we can change this minimal SDK version to 21.
I'm trying this to save.
Okay.
Well, we are interested and it's in.
They added this.
We added this and we added this.
Okay.
They're going to click on next.
They're going to click on Go to Corso.
Okay, great.
So those are simply it is to integrate fab these so you forget.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
Seen in this lecture.